So. everyone
enjoying the dinner
Your father and I
nicely made you?
Don't be afraid to
shout out compliments.
Oh. sorry.
It's really good.
- Thank you.
- It's chicken. right?
- Yes. tina.
- I knew it.
Sorry. mom. I'm just still
sort of reeling from school.
Where my grape-flavored
finger pop-pet
Was cruelly taken from me!
Yeah. you've mentioned
the finger candy thing.
Finger pop-pet!
Whoops. Hey.
- No candy in class.
- But I wasn't eating it.
Then why does it
look half-eaten?
Because I've been savoring it.
Slowly and responsibly.
Well. I'm gonna
savor doing this.
No. no. no. no. no.
no! Not the trash. no...
And that's why
grown-ups are monsters.
Okay. Uh. sorry
about that. louise.
But. uh. kids. we
wanted to talk to you
- About something.
- Right.
Are we all getting
matching jumpsuits finally?
No.
So. uh. starting tomorrow.
Your father and I
thought it would be good
And also re-really
fun to do chores.
- Chores?
- Didn't we try those before
And we were all like. "nah"?
Uh. we're-we're
gonna try it again.
Yep. you're gonna
clean the bathroom.
Vacuum the floors.
dust... Stuff.
Um. are we getting a raise
in our very meager allowance
Because of these
so-called chores?
Yeah! I mean. yeah.
No. I think the reward
Is that you are
contributing to this family.
And learning that it's
important to pitch in
In society and stuff like that.
You know. we do work
in the restaurant.
Every day. For free.
Not that any of us have called
child welfare or anything.
Except for that one time.
I didn't love that you did that.
But the guy we
talked to was nice.
Oh. yeah. Todd. What's he up to?
Where is all this chore
stuff coming from. anyway?
- Npr?
- Well. if you must know.
I was talking to grandma
gloria the other day
And she reminded me that
they made me and gayle
Do chores every weekend
when we were growing up.
And she thought we should
be doing it with you kids.
She actually thought
we already were.
And I said we tried. but
it didn't really stick
And then she made
that "hmph" sound.
Ugh. grandma gloria.
No huggies from
genie for a year.
All right. Well. what if we
refuse to do these chores?
- Yeah.
- Respectfully?
Okay. well. then. I
would respectfully say
You don't have a choice.
- Right. bob?
- Uh. uh. right.
Well. then. we're
going to respectfully
Stop eating our vegetables.
Gene. tina? Want to stop
eating your broccoli?
But
I like broccoli.
- Tina!
- Right. sorry.
Well.
then. you are respectfully
Not getting any dessert.
- Damn it!
- Okay. then we are respectfully
- Not doing our homework.
- Ooh.
You're gonna play
this game with mama?
Oh. yeah.
Oh. good.
But lin. "no tv"
- Means we don't get to watch tv.
- Show no weakness.
- They're gonna crack.
- What if they don't crack?
I'm worried they're
not cracking.
Mm-mmm. Nope.
Not brushing them.
- Mm.
- And if we get painful cavities.
- We'll be the ones laughing.
- Yeah. Wait.
Okay. early bedtime.
In your room. lights out. now.
- Nuh-uh. Not going to bed.
- Until we get tired.
- Yeah.
- Guys.
- I mean. never.
- Right.
- Okay. then. no...
- What?
- No...
- You got nothing.
No. no christmas ever again!
Uh. linda. want to
have a quick chat?
I feel like it's not going well.
What-what if I go
buy a bag of candy
And we give them candy
- If they do the chores?
- No. bob.
They should do chores
'cause we told them to
And 'cause it'll make them
better people in society
And all that crap.
not to get candy.
I mean. what if they turn
into little delinquents
Who won't listen to authority
and it-it ruins their lives?
Then we'll just pretend
we don't know them?
Hmm. Maybe.
Well. the kids
have to go to bed.
So. we need a
cease-fire. I think.
okay.
fine. You're right.
Eh. we'll-we'll put a
pin in the chores thing
And figure out a way to
make them do them tomorrow.
Blackmail. maybe?
Have you been writing
stuff down? I haven't.
kids.
Come in here. Come on.
- Okay.
- Hmm.
I'm sorry about that
"no christmas" thing.
Come on. Come up in
the bed with mama.
- Come on.
- Are you gonna kill us?
No.
Let's. uh. revisit the
chores thing later.
Why don't we all
just relax. huh?
so tired. right?
- No.
- Yes. Should we sing a nice song
Or tell a bedtime story? Huh?
A bedtime story? Like
you guys used to do?
- Back when we were children?
- Oh. yeah. dad.
You used to tell that story
about pepperoni the sleepy pony.
- Oh. right.
- Aw. pepperoni.
Roaming the plains. looking
for a nice place to sleep.
- And a little pepperoni.
- Aren't we all?
Tell that story. bob.
Okay. Um. I think I remember it.
- But maybe he's not sleepy.
- And maybe he's really buff?
But also super humble.
About how buff he is.
But he's still into pepperoni.
Uh. okay. so.
Pepperoni the super buff
pony wanders around.
Looking for a place
to. um. not sleep.
And he ends up in a town.
It was a small mining town
- Called w-western-ville.
- Oh. that's good.
And there were three
siblings that lived there.
The belch-earps.
The-the bearps.
And they operated
the town's tavern.
The youngest ran the bar
And the gambling
side of things...
Oh. and
give me giant boots
With huge spurs on the back.
- And the front.
- Uh. okay. sure.
A-and the middle one
ran the entertainment.
And I have one
of those player pianos.
But I can carry it around.
You carry around
a player piano?
- Yeah. because it's cutting-edge.
- All right.
Uh. and the oldest runs
the hotel and stables.
Well. more of a horse hotel
that also has rooms for people.
Right this way. sir.
It's classy.
And. uh. maybe there's some
nice sheriffs in this town.
- M-married sheriffs.
- Uh. okay.
Yeah. and they're really
great. but the townspeople
Don't listen to the sheriffs
because the townspeople
Can be big pains in
the butt sometimes.
But I thought this was supposed
to be a relaxing bedtime story?
- Yeah. so one of the sheriffs says...
- Yeah.
Hey. bearps. maybe
you could try and keep
Your area nice and clean today?
Hmm. let me think about that.
oh. and also...
but I mean.
Maybe you could. you know.
sweep up all the glass?
Um. I think I know the
gambling business. m'kay?
it's read 'em and
weep. not read 'em and sweep.
♪ and I'm not cleaning
up anything. either ♪
♪ in the wild. wild west. ♪
They wouldn't listen to
anything the married sheriffs said.
Who were actually a lot older
And smarter than
the townspeople.
But still good-looking
for their age.
But there was a
reason the townspeople
Didn't want to listen
to the married sheriffs.
- No. there wasn't.
- Yes. there was.
- Because one night...
- Hey. you're not telling the story.
Because one night.
After they ordered the
townspeople to go to bed...
- Townspeople. go to bed.
- Yeah.
- 'cause we're the boss.
And after
all the old-timey
Old west lights were out.
The married sheriffs
got on their horses
And they rode off
into the night.
But not everyone went to bed.
The three bearps
followed the sheriffs.
Attaboy. pepperoni.
Three riders on him and he's
not even breaking a sweat.
So buff.
They tracked them
to the mine outside of town.
And there. they discovered
that the married sheriffs
Were having a sneaky
nighttime meeting
With owner of the mine and
super rich guy mr. Goldoeder.
Hello. I was just kissing
my gold good night.
So. how's the secret plan to
have those nitwit townspeople
Keep the place nice
and tidy going?
So that big g will be impressed
and want to buy the town.
The mine and all this land.
and we get our big payout?
Wait. what? No. the married
sheriffs are good guys.
Yeah. that's what they
want you to think.
It turns out their
intentions were not so good.
- In fact. they were bad.
- No.
And all to serve their
own greedy purposes.
No.
We got to
get rid of the married sheriffs.
- Yep.
- The merriffs? That what I call them.
Pepperoni likes it.
So. the plan... the
tidy townspeople plan...
Catch me up. How's it going?
It's going really good.
- It-it's not going good.
- It's not going good.
Well. you two need to get tough.
Maybe make an example
of one of them.
Blast 'em with
your bean blaster.
Like this. Pew!
That's uh. the exact
rock I was aiming to hit.
I should have. uh.
said that beforehand.
Anyway. everything
has to be perfect
For when big g comes.
She does not approve
of messy towns
Or ill-behaved townspeople.
And if big g doesn't approve.
Then she's not gonna buy us out
And we don't get the money.
Which I know we're
all big fans of.
Don't worry. we'll make
sure big g is happy.
what am I smelling?
Oh. that's me. I-I
don't wash myself.
That's... okay.
So. the townspeople
had to figure out
How to get rid of the terrible.
greedy. smelly sheriffs.
What if I just
pop down to the pharmacy
And ask for drugs that
put kids to sleep?
Probably not. But maybe?
Anyway.
the three siblings had
A secret meeting of their own.
Okay. all the
townspeople chipped in.
We've got about a
thousand dollars here.
Or we can offer you and your
horses a free. all expenses paid
Weekend here at the inn.
Which includes drinks.
horse massages.
Our finest pretty-clean
chamber pots.
Your own personal entertainer.
♪ look at you. using
your chamber pot. ♪
I think we'll just
take the money.
But I like that song.
So. how exactly does the whole
"taking someone and leaving
them in the middle of nowhere"
Business work?
Well. basically we just take 'em
And then we. uh. leave 'em
in the middle of nowhere.
Okay. then.
Yup. with no money.
Uncomfortable walking shoes.
Only. like. a super
small thing of sunscreen.
No podcasts.
Okay. but what if then.
One of the leave-in-
the-middle-of-nowhere guys
Starts asking some questions?
Are you sure you want to
Get rid of the married sheriffs?
I mean. uh I haven't
been here long.
But they seem nice to me.
And-and loving. I want to say?
Yeah. and wise. Like.
they've got all this wisdom
To pass on about
life. and the world...
Uh-uh. uh-uh. uh-uh.
They're forcing us to do chores.
do what?
No way. You guys seem like
You work so hard all the time.
And you're delightful.
- I know.
- Well. I'm gonna enjoy
Leaving them in the
middle of nowhere.
And maybe only one
bathroom break on the way.
And then. after
that. we'll be like.
- "you got to hold it."
- yeah.
But if we have to
go. we still stop.
I-I have a small bladder.
But a big heart.
Married sheriff bob.
I think something weird
might be going on.
Why. 'cause some
strangers threw us on a horse
- And put a blanket over us?
- Yeah.
I'm beginning to
think maybe this isn't
About a surprise birthday
party for us at all.
I mean. for one thing. it's not
anywhere close to our birthdays.
Yeah. Come to think of it.
I was actually the one who said
"is this. like. a surprise
birthday party thing?"
And they said "sure. whatever."
Ooh. that's bright.
- Where are we?
- The middle of nowhere.
- What town is that near?
- None.
- This is your stop.
- Aah! - Aah!
Can we have our bean blasters
back? No reason. Also.
Can you maybe give us your
bean blasters? No reason.
- Nope.
- Fair enough.
And don't you start
pleading with us
Not to leave you here
'cause we don't feel
Emotionally compromised
about this at all.
Uh. please don't leave us here?
- Dang it!
- Please!
I'm not wearing the
right bra for this.
Sorry. Best of luck.
Are they still looking at us?
Uh. let me check. Yeah.
Do they look po'd?
Pretty-pretty po'd.
How about now?
- Hmm. Look still pretty upset.
- Aw. man.
Hey. cheer
up. Let's go get you
- A western omelet.
- Okay.
So the married sheriffs
got what they deserved.
- The end. What a great story.
- I mean.
- The structure's a little all over the place...
- Up. bup. bup.
That's not the end. No.
no. no. You know why?
Because
nobody's kissed yet?
Because the married
sheriffs didn't give up.
They weren't gonna let
those punky townspeople win.
Not that it was about
winning or losing.
No. it was. So. they
started walking.
And they kept on walking.
And sure. there were
some piggy back rides.
And then they switched.
Uh. yup. And-and they.
Uh. fought wolves.
They danced with wolves.
And they fought more
wolves because those wolves
Didn't like the fact that they
danced with those other wolves.
Anyway. it was all to get
back to the townspeople
To help them and
watch over them.
Oh. no. the townspeople
are having an amazing time
And just totally taking
care of themselves.
Yeah!
Well. that's because they
didn't know what was coming.
It was trouble.
Real bad trouble.
The bad kind.
You naughty little nincompoops.
You couldn't just do what
you were told. could you?
Big g is gonna change
this whole place.
You could have been part of it.
A wonderful. new.
civilized society.
The well-mannered west.
she's gonna call it.
And also. I'm gonna
get even richer.
Which will be pretty cool.
So. what's it gonna
be? You leave town
Or my miner minions and I
Fill you full of beans.
In a bad way?
In a very bad way.
- Linda.
- What? Too harsh?
It's a western.
Don't you make me
scared of beans. woman!
So. the townspeople... who
could have avoided all this
By just listening
to the sheriffs
And cleaning up the place.
But no... now they
were staring down
The bean blaster
barrels of mr. Goldoeder
And his miner minions.
It was a standoff.
They were so
standoffish. Sorry.
Standoff music.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Whoa!
- Stop. stop. stop.
We're here to protect you.
Who? Me? That's nice.
- No. them.
- Oh. boo.
Also. water would be great.
Anyone have water?
Uh. I-I'll ask later.
Wait. wait. wait.
Why should we trust you?
- Because.
- Because why?
Because we're the sheriffs and
it's our job to protect you.
But how do we know you're
not just out for yourself.
Working with goldoeder
to get your big payday
By impressing big g?
Okay. yeah. maybe we wanted
To impress big g a
little bit. So sue us.
Not that this town has a lawyer.
- I'm a lawyer.
- Oh. you are?
Yup. Personal injury. mostly.
- Oh. uh. great.
- A little tax law.
- Okay. yeah. I got it.
- Yup.
Anyway. what
if doing chores
Was actually good for you?
Huh? Did you ever think
about that. you punks?
That-that we love.
Maybe making you do
chores is protecting you.
From being delinquents. Ugh!
- Why didn't you just listen to us?
- Now!
- Aah! - Huh?
- Hey!
See? That's what happens
when we listen to you...
We get all distracted and we
get our bean blasters stolen.
Damn it! Mine tied my
whole outfit together.
But then married
sheriff linda said...
Well. you can't bean blast
all of us. goldoeder.
For one thing. it would
be a big beany mess.
And you know big g
doesn't like messes.
That's true. Dang it.
But then
he had an idea.
I have an idea.
Let's have some fun.
- Yay!
Bearps? Married sheriffs?
How about a quick draw contest?
Each round is two people.
two beans. Best shot wins.
And the winner of
the whole thing
Gets to decide who
stays and who goes.
Oh. and also. I'm entering
And I'm an amazing shot.
Pew!
Yup. that's... The one
I was trying to hit.
And I did.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. the
sheriffs would not
Get into a quick draw contest
with their own people.
Also. louise. this
sounds a lot like
The movie the
quick and the dead.
Which came first.
the movie or this story?
Uh. the movie.
So. is it like a rom-com. or...
Have you seen that
movie. louise?
Only. like. the parts
they showed on tv.
While you were
asleep on the couch.
When I watched the whole movie.
Anyway. of course the
sheriffs would do it
Because. deep down. they
knew it was the only way
To prove who's
boss of this town.
- No. I don't think so.
- She's right.
- What?
- They got to do the bean blaster
Competition thingy
to show who's boss.
And sheriff bob
and sheriff linda
Somehow both win. the end.
Dut. ba. dut-dut-dut-dut!
So. the contest began.
First up. married
sheriff bob vs. Louise.
And please enjoy my tiny hat.
A baby gave it to me.
Just kidding. I had
it made. By a baby.
You're going down.
Uh. can I go against
someone else?
Maybe someone. uh.
less I-intimidating?
Maybe the lawyer?
- Hey.
- Nope.
Okay. I-I just...
My butt's out. isn't it?
- It is.
- Disgusting!
Well. that's not fair.
Also. louise. why would
my butt flap be open?
Wouldn't it be closed?
Oh. they don't invent
closing butt flaps
For another 50 years.
Everybody. just listen.
Mom. I didn't get to the part
Where you shoot gene's belt off
- And his butt is hanging out.
- Nice.
Why?! Why?! No!
Ashes to ashes.
Butt to butt.
Wait. Did I die?
No. you were just
being dramatic.
Got it. Continue.
How did I do.
louise? Pretty good?
Get ready for me to.
Um. shoot you with...
Oh. you won.
So. not great.
Then it was time
To find out who would face off
With goldoeder in
the final round.
And that's when
goldoeder decided
To make it more interesting.
Let's make it more interesting.
Now that we're down
to the real-deal
Head honchos around here.
Why don't we switch
to the real-deal bean.
Lima.
You can't be serious.
But lima beans are huge.
And they hurt like hell.
And they taste okay at best.
I mean. if you sauté them
with a little butter...
- Bob. shush.
- Dad. shh.
- Sorry.
- And married sheriff linda said:
I can't believe you're about
to blast me with a lima bean.
I can't believe you're about to
Blast me with a lima bean.
Just do the frickin' chores.
No frickin' way.
Aah! Why can't you just do
something when I ask you to?
I'm in charge and I know
what's best for you.
It's like you don't
respect me at all.
Even though everything
I do. I do it for you.
Okay. bryan adams.
Sorry. Not doing them.
Ugh! It's so frustrating!
you know
what? Forget it.
Forget everything. I don't
care. I don't care what you do.
Are you crying? During a
quick draw competition?
No. I'm fine.
Just. I'm in charge
and I'm fine. I'm fine.
Uh-oh. Uh. hey. everyone.
Uh. look at. uh.
pepperoni the pony.
- So hot.
- It's not all about you. pepperoni.
it's not...
Uh. do I... Win?
Is mom okay? I'm only asking
'cause she ran out
of the room crying.
Maybe it's part of her
nightly beauty regimen
That we just aren't aware of.
If it works. it works.
I'm gonna. uh. go talk to her.
Or maybe I go?
Oh. Uh. okay.
So. anybody have any
fun weekend plans?
- No.
- Okay.
Uh. mom?
Hi. I'm fine.
I just needed to fart.
So I ran out here to fart.
And I'm-I'm not crying.
Even though it's really
cool for moms to get angry
And frustrated and cry
in front of their kids.
I'm sorry I made you not cry.
Now I feel like a jerk.
I just... It's not easy
Having someone bigger than you
Telling you what
to do all the time.
And then that thing at school.
Labonz taking my
beautiful finger pop-pet.
You. uh. you caught
me at a bad time.
I know. I know.
But I just had that
phone call with grandma
And her whole chores
spiel got in my head.
So let's call it
all grandma's fault.
No. we love grandma.
But. yes. sort of.
Also. I mean. one of our chores
Was to light grandpa's cigars.
Like. in our mouths. so...
I can still taste it.
So. maybe she's not
mother of the year.
Well. now she sounds great.
It's just. you know...
It's been so much pressure
Trying to raise good
kids. Good humans.
It can mess you up. And
then I get mad at you guys.
But you're just being kids.
It's-it's just...
You know. it's just a lot.
Mostly 'cause of
tina. right? And gene?
Come here. you.
You know. I'm glad
you're so spunky.
It'll be good for you
when you're older.
Nobody's gonna push
my louise around.
You'll be the toughest little
cutie in prison.
- Thanks. mom.
- And I'm still gonna try
- To make you do chores.
- Mmm. never.
- What if I give you candy?
- Deal.
Maybe some of those
finger blasters?
Finger pop-pets.
The candy thing was my idea.
I'd clean the crap out of
this place for some candy.
As usual. candy
solves everything.
Now can we go back
to mom and dad's bed
And finish the
story? I need to know
What happens to that
intriguing piano player.
Does he ever play coachella?
Oh. hurry it up already.
I need to go home
and wash these miners
Before tomorrow.
They're filthy.
What the...
Yeah. we're on
the same side now.
Yeah. deal with it.
- Yay!
- Same sidesies!
Oh. whatever. I'll
just bean you both.
Could you stand just
next to each other?
And-and also stand closer to me?
What is going on?
Oh. big g. When
did you get here?
Just now.
I took a coach from
the train station.
The driver was very
rough with my bags.
And his horses
were way too loud.
Oh. sorry to hear that.
Well. everything's fine. big g.
Just gonna get rid of all these
naughty townspeople real quick
And then I can take you
On a fun tour. Fyi.
the married sheriffs
Are not cool anymore.
Ech. Is nobody doing
any chores around here?
I do not approve.
Well. guess what? That's fine.
You don't have to approve of it.
Yeah. Agree
to disapprove.
This is our town.
These are our people.
And that tart. onion-y
odor is our smell.
And sure. us sheriffs
may not always do
What we're supposed to do.
but we do what we need to do.
For the good of this town.
And I'm gonna be
a better sheriff
If I listen to my gut.
And not someone else's gut
who doesn't even live here.
And right now. my
gut is telling me
Back off. big g.
Aah!
Wait. there's a canon?
And I ride it. somehow?
Yeah. a bean canon.
And it's
rolling on its own?
Well. that's
how some canons
Worked back then.
I'm pretty sure.
Psst. hey.
Should we move them?
No. they look so sweet.
We can all fit. right?
Yep. Half my body is
probably fine just floating.
Wait. you
forgot something.
- Yeah.
- Oh. right.
This is some good pepperoni.
♪ ah. pepperoni
roamin' the plains ♪
♪ yes. sir. he's
one handsome pony ♪
♪ one handsome pony ♪
♪ looks like he found
some pepperoni ♪
♪ he's super buff
and super humble ♪
♪ the only thing hotter than
his muscles are his morals ♪
♪ he's got hard morals ♪
♪ go on and look at him
flexing his pectorals ♪
- ♪ ah. come on. pepperoni ♪
- ♪ no sliced ham ♪
- ♪ or baloney ♪ - ♪ don't
want no ham or more baloney ♪
♪ sure hope he finds
more pepperoni. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
bento box entertainment
And toyota.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm